More osu! patterns and [PL] updates for patterns (#11983)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Beatmap/Pattern/common/double/en.md

---
stub: true
tags:
  - doubles
---

# Doubles

> A **Double** pattern is made when 2 [hit objects](/wiki/Gameplay/Hit_object) occur after each other in a 1/2 or faster rythm spacing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **Double** pattern is made when 2 [hit objects](/wiki/Gameplay/Hit_object) occur after each other in a 1/2 or faster rhythm spacing.
```

Reviewer: grammatically, this should be clear.

Author: My bad, will fix now

![](img/double.jpg "Visual representation of a double in the osu! gamemode.")

> In the [osu!](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!) [gamemode](/wiki/Game_mode), doubles are when 2 [hit circles](/wiki/Gameplay/Hit_object/Hit_circle) are [stacked](/wiki/Beatmapping/Mapping_techniques/Stack) on eachother.

Reviewer: ^, i don't think this is clear enough

```suggestion
In the [osu!](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!) [gamemode](/wiki/Game_mode), doubles are when two [hit circles](/wiki/Gameplay/Hit_object/Hit_circle) are [stacked](/wiki/Beatmapping/Mapping_techniques/Stack) on top of each other.
```
my suggestion doesn't resolve it entirely in being more clear but it should be a step in the right direction

Author: Will change it after the respository will be done cloning on my pc, so i will be able to make changes

Reviewer: > Will change it after the respository will be done cloning on my pc, so i will be able to make changes

commit by pressing `Commit suggestion` on the right

![](img/maniadouble.png "Visual representation of a double in the osu!mania gamemode.")

> In the [osu!mania](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!mania) [gamemode](/wiki/Game_mode), Doubles are known as [Mini jacks](/wiki/Beatmap/Pattern/osu!mania/Jack)

Reviewer: not entirely true; double typically refers to a jump (2-chord) instead of mini jacks

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/060e0126-2290-41d3-9923-765a4e9ac28e)

Author: The reason i linked mini jacks because at first doubles were supposed to be a osu! pattern rather than a one common for all modes, and mini jacks reminded me from doubles from !std. will fix now

Author: I just realised that I didn't change the pattern visual, will do that when possible

Author: Fixed

> In the [osu!mania](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!mania) [gamemode](/wiki/Game_mode), Doubles are known as [Mini jacks](/wiki/Beatmap/Pattern/osu!mania/Jack)

Reviewer: is linking `(/wiki/Game_mode)` a second time really necessary?
